A.S.K. – The Ultimate Prayer Companion

Interim Site Audit
My Personal User Experience &amp; Flow Fixes
Please note that I am going down the list of headers on the sidebar in the order
that they are currently populated and situated. All of these
Dashboard
1. The Calendar should be moved into the dashboard section and readily
viewable from login just above or below the Recent Prayer Activity graph.
a. Under this, the Schedule tab should be here.
i. When pressed, it should give two clickable options:
 Prayer Session
a. This must open the Templates page with the
preloaded and uneditable A.S.K. templates.
b. There should also be a button to Create
Template. This is where the subscriber is able to
curate their own templates that they are able to
share both within the in-app social network
community or externally to the WhatsApp,
Facebook, X.com, TikTok and LinkedIn.

 Fasting Days

b. Calendar must be able to send notifications via phone operating
system permissions and link to Google Calendar. Below is the Google
Calendar API Key passed with the key=API_KEY parameter:
i. AIzaSyBykbw3LwlOyJ4PPLHMapheZdMh3u4Eb44

Prayer Hub
2. Prayer Hub (Dashboard)
a. A.S.K. Templates Tab 1
i. Start Session button should be under the A.S.K. Templates
tab.
 This creates a logical flow and progression.

b. Fasting Tab 2
i. Opens Calendar with same functional flow and inputs as
Google Calendar.
c. Journal Tab 3
i. Opens Journal Notepad which must have the following three
editable but undeletable categories with all edits being marked
as such by time and date as in a CRM application:
 Reflections
 Words
 Revelations
 Dreams

d. Session Builder Tab 4
i. Opens into the Bible Verse Locator.
ii. This is where curated prayer sessions are built where
verses are paired with specific prayer requests and petitions
(items that encompass specific points) with a time allocated to
each prayer point.
 We need to create a Previous navigation button for the
prayer slides

Bible Verse Locator
3. The current layout is perfect but I would like to explore populating the page
with a dedicated Mentorship Hub to my father in the faith who has taught
me everything Gospel-related below the two already populated
functionality fields: Find Verses and Search by Reference.
a. BLADE Daily Devotional
i. This will link to my Pastor’s daily devotional, BLADE, that is
published on his Facebook page and WhatsApp community.

b. Articles
i. Links to daily and weekly articles such as THE ANGEL OF DEATH
IS NEAR – also published on Facebook via the same page.

c. YouTube Church Service
i. This will link to our weekly church services held and streamed
on Saturdays via the Christian Consulate Church account.

These will, in essence, be embedded links with previews that will be updated,
daily and weekly as per my Pastor’s publishing schedule. They can exist under one
heading - Doctrinal Truths &amp; Prophetic Insights by Ps TL Immanuel.
Alternatively, this can be added as a dedicated tab on the sidebar. We can explore
the different options.
I have sent the API Key for the multi-version and multi-language bible app that we
will be using. You can implement that.
Sermons
At this current juncture, this is as it should be with regards to layout. The only
additions we can implement are basic rich text editing and formatting capabilities
such as, bolding, underlining, font size, bullets, numbering, centering and left and
right justification, etc. The font must remain locked to that of the app or system
settings when we deploy to mobile.

Personal Templates &gt; Prayer Templates
The heading and Create New button are properly situated. The heading must be
changed to Prayer Templates.
Create and populate two buttons in the following order:
 Personal Templates
o These are the template sessions users and subscribers create and
curate for their own personal employ and to share with others within
the A.S.K. community and externally as links with previews.
o These are sharable via link and export as .pdf files unlike the A.S.K.
curated prayer session templates which fall under the official and
protected intellectual property of A.S.K.

 A.S.K. Templates
o These are pre-loaded and continuously augmented templates that
are the sole proprietorship of A.S.K. and cannot be shared or
screenshot.

I have created the Prayer Template Slides for both light mode and dark mode -
watermarked with the logo:
 The end slide for all the subscriber-curated prayer deck sessions needs to
be uniform just like my slides. We will need a personal chat for me to
elaborate. It’s not a serious thing but for brand uniformity.

You actually don&#39;t need an API key for Native OS Flags.
Unlike a third-party service (like Google Maps or OpenAI) that requires a key for
billing and authentication, Native OS Flags are built-in commands of the Android
and iOS operating systems. They are &quot;free&quot; in terms of cost and &quot;keyless&quot; in terms
of implementation.
Instead of an API key, you use code declarations within your app&#39;s native
configuration.

How to &quot;Activate&quot; Them (No Key Required)
Since your site is hosted at ask-seek-knock.vercel.app, you cannot use these flags
in a standard mobile browser (like Chrome or Safari) because browsers do not
allow websites to control the phone&#39;s hardware.
To use these &quot;Flags,&quot; you must wrap your Vercel app in a Native Shell (like
Capacitor or React Native). Once wrapped, here is where you &quot;get&quot; the
functionality:
1. Android (FLAG_SECURE)
You don&#39;t download a key; you simply add a line of Java or Kotlin code to your
app&#39;s MainActivity.
 Where to get it: It is part of the standard android.view.WindowManager
library included in every Android development environment.

 The &quot;Key&quot; Code: ```java
getWindow().setFlags(WindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAG_SECURE,
WindowManager.LayoutParams.FLAG_SECURE);

2. iOS (isCaptured)
Apple doesn&#39;t provide a &quot;block&quot; key. Instead, you &quot;subscribe&quot; to a notification that
the OS sends out.
 Where to get it: It is part of the UIScreen class in Apple&#39;s UIKit framework.
 The &quot;Key&quot; Code: You listen for UIScreen.capturedDidChangeNotification.
When that notification triggers, you run code to blur your Vercel app&#39;s
view.

If you are using Capacitor (Recommended for Vercel)
If you want to implement this on your Vercel project quickly, use a plugin like
Capacitor Privacy Screen. You don&#39;t need a key; you just install it via your
terminal:
1. Install: npm install @capacitor/privacy-screen
2. Sync: npx cap sync
3. Activate in your JS:
JavaScript
import { PrivacyScreen } from &#39;@capacitor/privacy-screen&#39;;
const enableProtection = async () =&gt; {
await PrivacyScreen.enable(); // This triggers the Native Flags
automatically
};
When DO you need a key?
The only time you would need an API key is if you use a Third-Party Security
Wrapper like:

 Appdome: You get the key from their User Dashboard.
 ScreenShield: You get the key/license from their Enterprise Portal.
Summary: If you want to stay free and simple, skip the API keys. Just use the
native code flags in an Android/iOS wrapper for your Vercel site.
To answer your question simply: No, you do not strictly need a backend API to
enable PDF exporting for your journal notes.
Since your app is hosted on Vercel, you have two primary ways to handle this:
Client-Side (in the user&#39;s browser) or Server-Side (using Vercel Functions).
1. The &quot;No-API&quot; Approach (Client-Side)
You can generate the PDF entirely within the user&#39;s browser using JavaScript
libraries. This is often the fastest and cheapest method because it doesn&#39;t use any
server resources.
 How it works: When the user clicks &quot;Export,&quot; a script takes the text from
your journal note and &quot;draws&quot; it into a PDF file that the browser then
downloads.
 Recommended Libraries:
o jsPDF: Great for simple text-based notes.
o html2pdf.js: Ideal if you want the PDF to look exactly like your web
page (it converts HTML/CSS to PDF).
o React-PDF: If you are using React, this allows you to create PDF
layouts using components.

My Recommendation
If your journal notes are primarily text and simple formatting, go with jsPDF or
html2pdf.js. It keeps your app lightweight, avoids the need for a backend, and
ensures that the user&#39;s private notes never have to leave their browser to be
processed by a server—which is a great &quot;win&quot; for a journaling app&#39;s privacy.
…
Author’s Insights &gt; Biblical Mandate

 The sidebar and heading titles need to change to Biblical Mandate. In order
to align with the brand I’ve been curating within my written articles.
 I like the header explainer below the header, “Biblical insights and wisdom
from the author’s upcoming book.” Can we augment that to read as
follows;
o “Biblical insights and wisdom from the author’s upcoming book, The
Ultimate Revolution(ary)!”

Subscription
I have sent you the Paystack API on a previous email. Let’s implement that.
Can we also change the pricing to $2.99 for the Pro Monthly subscription tier and
$30.99 for the Pro Yearly subscription tier which equates to a two month
discounted fee. I think this is a good starting point which can be increased after
our first year of service to align with standard industry prices which will be
catered for by the Privacy Policy.
Sign In/Up – Google
This is what my Google Cloud Services has given me. The .json file and other
augmentive implementation instructions are included in the email.
 Client ID
o   537982326161-
c7ta0e3ti9m96au4m2705vth9v1sp53b.apps.googleusercontent.com
 Client Secret
o   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
 API Key – Oauth 2.0 Client IDs
o 537982326161-
c7ta0e3ti9m96au4m2705vth9v1sp53b.apps.googleusercontent.com
You might need to show me how to best navigate this Google Cloud Console. I
hope I gave you all the right details.

AESTHETIC ISSUES
Logo

 The logo needs to be changed to the sans font logo.
 The watermark logo can be made a tad smaller so when the browser is
populated at half its size, the logo overlaps some fundamental visual
features.
o I have attached examples of this using both the ASAK site and
Google Drive for perspective sake.

Themes – Light &amp; Dark
 These are the only two themes we need. The others can be dropped
altogether.
 Users need to be able to set the light and dark theme according to their oS
system preference so it automatically ‘syncs’ or ‘aligns.’



Add Ts ans Cs


TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR A.S.K. –
THE ULTIMATE PRAYER COMPANION
Last Updated: April 7, 2026
1. AGREEMENT TO TERMS
These Terms and Conditions constitute a legally binding agreement made between you, whether
personally or on behalf of an entity (“you”) and A.S.K. – The Ultimate Prayer Companion
(“we,” “us,” or “our”), concerning your access to and use of the https://ask-seek-
knock.vercel.app website and application.
By accessing the Service, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be
bound by all of these Terms and Conditions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL OF
THESE TERMS, THEN YOU ARE EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED FROM USING THE
SERVICE.
2. THE SERVICE &amp; PERSONAL CONDUCT
A.S.K. provides a digital platform for instructional prayer habits, community fellowship, and
spiritual growth content.
 Instructional Content: The articles and &quot;habit-building&quot; guides provided are for spiritual and
educational purposes. They do not constitute professional medical, psychological, or legal
advice.
 User Voice: We respect the sanctity of your prayers. Your private entries remain yours;
however, any content posted to &quot;Community Fellowship&quot; areas becomes visible to other
members of that group.
3. SUBSCRIPTIONS AND BILLING
Certain aspects of the Service are provided on a tier-based subscription basis.
 Billing: You will be billed in advance on a recurring, periodic basis (Monthly or Annually).
 Automatic Renewal: At the end of each cycle, your subscription will automatically renew under
the exact same conditions unless you cancel it via your account settings.
 Fees: We reserve the right to modify subscription fees. Any price change will take effect at the
start of the next billing cycle following notice to you.
 Refunds: Pursuant to the South African Consumer Protection Act, subscriptions are generally
non-refundable once the digital service has been accessed. However, refund requests are
evaluated on a case-by-case basis.

4. DATA PRIVACY (POPIA &amp; GLOBAL COMPLIANCE)
As a South African-based entity, we are committed to the Protection of Personal Information
Act (POPIA).
 Sensitive Data: We recognize that prayer requests and religious affiliations are sensitive data.
We implement industry-standard encryption to protect this information.
 Global Reach: While we are based in South Africa, we strive to maintain data protection
standards that align with global expectations (including GDPR principles) for our international
Christian community.
5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
Unless otherwise indicated, the Service is our proprietary property, including:
 The A.S.K. branding and logos.
 All website designs, audio, video, text (specifically our instructional article series), and graphics.
 The underlying software code and database schemas.
You are granted a limited license to use the Service for personal, non-commercial spiritual
growth. You may not reproduce, &quot;scrape,&quot; or distribute our instructional content without
express written permission.
6. USER-GENERATED CONTENT &amp; FELLOWSHIP
By posting in community areas, you represent that your content is not defamatory, hateful, or in
violation of Christian community standards. We reserve the right to monitor, edit, or remove
content that we deem harmful to the fellowship environment of A.S.K.
7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event will A.S.K., its founder Mpho Matlou, or its affiliates be liable for any direct,
indirect, or consequential damages resulting from your use of the app. The service is provided on
an AS-IS and AS-AVAILABLE basis.
8. GOVERNING LAW
These Terms shall be governed by and defined following the laws of the Republic of South
Africa. You irrevocably consent that the courts of South Africa shall have exclusive jurisdiction
to resolve any dispute which may arise in connection with these terms.
9. CONTACT US

In order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding
use of the Service, please contact us at the contact details provided within the A.S.K. web
application.

Quick Deployment Note:
1. Copy and Paste the text above into a new page on your Vercel app (e.g., /terms).
2. Hyperlink this page in your sign-up form and footer.
3. Privacy Policy: While these are your Terms, ensure you have a separate &quot;Privacy Policy&quot; link
that specifically mentions you use Firebase (if applicable) for data storage, as this is a technical
requirement for transparency.

Privacy Policy for A.S.K. – The Ultimate Prayer Companion
Last Updated: April 8, 2026
This Privacy Policy describes how A.S.K. – The Ultimate Prayer Companion (“we,” “us,” or
“our”) collects, uses, and shares your personal information when you visit or use our website and
application located at https://ask-seek-knock.vercel.app.
As a South African-based entity, we are committed to the Protection of Personal Information
Act (POPIA) and strive to align our data protection standards with global principles, including
the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).

1. Information We Collect
We collect information that you provide directly to us and information generated through your
use of the Service.
 Account Data: When you register for a subscription, we collect information such as your name
and email address.
 Sensitive Spiritual Data: We recognize that prayer requests, religious affiliations, and private
journal entries are highly sensitive. Your private entries remain yours and are protected with
industry-standard encryption.
 User-Generated Content: Any content you post to &quot;Community Fellowship&quot; areas is visible to
other members of that specific group.
 Billing Information: For tier-based subscriptions, payment processing is handled by third-party
providers. We collect billing frequency (Monthly or Annually) to manage your account.
2. How We Use Your Information
We use the collected information to:

 Provide, maintain, and improve the A.S.K. digital platform and instructional content.
 Process subscription renewals and manage billing cycles.
 Facilitate community fellowship and spiritual growth.
 Ensure compliance with South African laws and our Terms and Conditions.
3. Data Storage and Third-Party Services
 Technical Infrastructure: We utilize Vercel for hosting the application.
 Data Storage: We use Firebase for secure data storage and management. This is a technical
requirement for the transparency of our digital infrastructure.
 Encryption: We implement industry-standard encryption to protect sensitive data, specifically
prayer requests and personal identifiers.
4. Legal Basis (POPIA &amp; Global Compliance)
In accordance with POPIA, we process your personal information only when:
 You have given consent by agreeing to our Terms and Conditions.
 Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract (e.g., providing subscription
services).
 It is necessary to comply with South African law.
5. Your Rights
Under POPIA and GDPR, you have the right to:
 Access the personal information we hold about you.
 Request the correction or deletion of your data.
 Object to the processing of your data.
 Withdraw consent for recurring subscriptions at any time via your account settings.
6. Data Retention
Subscriptions are billed in advance on a recurring basis. We retain your account data as long as
your subscription is active. Please note that pursuant to the South African Consumer
Protection Act, subscriptions are generally non-refundable once the digital service has been
accessed.
7. Limitation of Liability
While we take extensive measures to protect your data, A.S.K. and its founder, Mpho Matlou,
shall not be liable for direct or indirect damages resulting from the use of the Service, which is
provided on an AS-IS basis.

8. Contact Us
For any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or to exercise your data rights, please contact us
through the details provided within the A.S.K. web application.